https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcSjZrIYUe4&ab_channel=SimonClark

1. Get a degree in a particular subject
   4 year course

2. Get a Masters Course - 
   2 year course

3. Starts with a Research proposal
   - Questions
   - Justification
   - Methodology - don't get stuck on a model 
   Find a Supervisor(s)
   Examiners
   Brouse thru Academic Journals and projects the school is working on
   Some coursework
   Teaching 
   project normally has money or stipend
   Encouraged to publish in academic journals

   Discussion over projects with supervisor
   Humanities - apply to research counsels
   ask supervisor about the project
   You do need a 


4. You must perform original research.
   Stay focused.
   Expand new idea or test it. Suggest new idea
   Does not matter if its right or not
   Hypothesis maybe right or wrong, but you are adding to 
   human knowledge. When other researchers are reading your
   original work they will agree or disagree or cite your paper
   in that this or that did not work
   You need lots of "thinking time", really get to understand what you are reading
   Keep a RESEARCH DIARY - write decisions you made and why you made them
   For quantitative research write up an outline or syntax
   keep track of variables - allow you to find mistakes and replicate the analysis
   Never ever save changes on original data sets
   keep them under other names.
   Check for relevancy
   

5. Write  a Thesis - Google how to write a Phd - Lots of help
   Essay to end all essay's 120 to 200, maybe 300 pages (100K words)
   You present work you have done in context
   Know how to analyze your results
   a. First chapter -introduce problem your working at
   b. Literature review - background about what your doing
   c. A couple of Chaptersi explaining on what you've done
   d. Conclusion
   e. Bibliography - vast

   Most of the time,  you write bits of your Thesis - keep updating
   You rewrite it constantly updating as you experiment.
  
   Supervisors main job is to make sure your thesis is inline with what 
   the examiners will expect from you.
   Connect to your supervisor

   Thesis is your writeup , then

6. Defend your thesis in Viva
   Exam of your Phd
   Defend your thesis
   Point is to make sure its from scratch , you can answer questions
   not plagirized

   You have two examiners. Internal and External examiner
   Internal examiner is from your school,not an expert. Is there to make sure you
   play by the rules 
   External examiner - expert in your field - laser focused person who has done research on
   your particular degree. 
   Normally this person is terrifying. Knows everything about your research.
   Asks why you did things one way and not another
   Two examiners are people who will read your thesis

7. Verdict - fail 1% of Phd fail, most haven't been in touch with their supervisors
   or corrections minor or major. Work is from scratch.
   More analysis - weeks to fix 
   Major - couple of months of work

   Generally most get minor corrections - graduation 



